I've no clue.
How's it going everybody? Welcome back
to the Lonnie and Ryan podcast. We are
very excited today to have a special
guest on the show.
Popeye's Postcards, John. How you doing,
John? Good. I am special. I will say
that I am special.
>> Yeah. Well, you were telling us before
we went live that you were kind of a big
deal. So, I
I am kind of a big deal.
>> [laughter]
>> Uh we can talk about that in in a
whenever you want. I mean, I'm an open
book. I know you guys are pretty uh
free-flowing Oh, yeah.
>> Um
but
I first I I got to ask is can are the 3D
printers too loud?
I got a little teeny mini print farm
over here.
>> Oh.
>> So, you're good. You're good. You're
good.
>> Oh, that's really cool. I didn't know
you were into 3D printing.
Yeah, just kind of got into it. Um one
of your podcasts you said about uh
finding a need
and I I found a need and I replaced it
and I fixed it if you want to call it
that. But, we can talk about
that whenever. But, can I start off with
first thank you very much for inviting
me.
Um
>> Absolutely, man. You know, I I used to
watch Lonnie a long time ago when you
were in your basement pretty much like I
sold this and then you would cut away
and Right.
>> And I don't watch a whole bunch of uh
YouTube reseller content, but I I tuned
in probably I don't know a couple months
ago
uh to yours and I like
Holy crap, Lonnie lost a lot of weight.
Yeah. And then I'm thinking
damn, who he's got a young college girl
there has an attractive
>> [laughter]
>> And here it's Candace and I'm like oh
you guys look incredible. I just got to
say that. That's just
>> Thank you.
>> amazing. Yeah, I'm just I need to do
that.
But, I'm afraid I'm one of these people
that if I lose weight, they're going to
be like you look better fat. Cuz
>> [laughter]
>> You don't know that though. Oh, no. I
know that. No, I've done the weight loss
thing before and I just find now I get
the older I get add a couple more pounds
and it stretches out the wrinkles and
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah, man. Um I I I've been
I've been knowing of of Popeye's
Postcards for you commented on one of my
videos. It man, it must have been the
first time I I heard about you is
probably must have been like 7 8 years
ago, something like that.
I bought these Popeye's. I bought these
from you. From me?
How how long ago was that, John?
Wow. Um I started YouTube. This is my
second channel. I nuked my first one.
Oh,
I didn't know that.
>> My Oh, I we Yeah, I can How long should
we go?
>> Tell tell us about that. No, no. We
Yeah,
about an hour. But, yeah, I want to hear
about that. [laughter] You channels is
always good, interesting, you know.
>> Yeah, I Well, I started in I think 2016.
Mhm. Um there was a there was a pod or
there was a they did YouTube more of a
podcast, no visual. It was just them
talking. It was um
uh something treasure trash treasure
trash elves.
Scavenger Life. Scavenger Life.
>> Oh, yeah, yeah. I used to listen to
them. Loved them and they they had a
website. So, I'd go in there and I'd
start talking on their forum and Jay
from Dennis Jay and Ryan, they were
like, "Wow, you're you're selling
postcards." And at the time I had I
don't know 15,000 postcards or something
like that. Uh listed and I was just you
know, talking to them about postcards.
They're like, "I want to interview you."
And so I
did the interview with him. It was one
of their one of the first ones I did or
the first one I did.
And after that I just started getting so
I started getting so many questions
about postcards. I was like, "You know
what? Instead of typing all these eBay
messages, let me start a channel."
So, I started a channel. It was in the
summer or fall of
2016.
And it was Popeye's Postcards also and
that's when I would contact you and
>> Yeah. You know, I
uh
John Cincinnati picker. I mean, I would
contact all everybody back then. I would
like I sent John some postcards of the
Cincinnati Reds old stadium and you
know, some postcards just so I could get
my name out there and build it up a
little bit. Yeah, sure. And
uh sometime in 2000 it was right right
at when the pandemic started. Like
September 2000, yeah, 2020.
Um I I come and go on on YouTube and I
think I was gone for like 9 months,
which I have I want I do that all the
time. And so I was like, "Well, you know
what? Let me get back into YouTube." And
I was like, "How can I What can I else
can I do with YouTube and you know,
monetization and stuff like that?" I was
like, "Well, you know what? I'm going to
do popeyespostcards.com."
And I'm going to you know, I don't know
do training or do something. I'm just
going to do something with
popeyespostcards.com.
So, I go to register
popeyespostcards.com
and it's taken. Of course.
>> Someone took it like just a couple
months before
I went and did it. And to make matters
worse is
they were they watched my content. Um
and
>> you? Cybersquatting you basically?
>> Well, but they're
they're but they're a postcard seller
also. So, they took my business model in
selling postcards and Ah. And he had a
link go right to his his postcard store.
So, if you go to popeyespostcards.com,
it went to his eBay store. Oh my god.
Yeah, it was it was ballsy. So, I
contacted him. I was like, "You know,
this is this is pretty piss-poor. Um
Yeah.
>> In fact, it kind of sucks." And he
he was like, "Well, you don't know what
you're doing. I'm doing it better, but
I'll sell it to you for like a thousand
bucks." He he wanted to sell it to me.
Whoa.
>> What a you asked, man.
>> Exactly. I
The job I had, I know who he is. I know
where he lives. I know everything about
him because of the job I used to do.
Mhm.
>> But, I just hold that information out. I
don't I haven't done anything. But, um
so I was like, "You know what?
Keep it. Right.
>> I'm going to make it useless.
And so I
nuked the channel. My last video, it's
like it's on it's on my channel. Um I I
I nuked I had 220 some videos, couple
thousand subscribers and I just delete
all.
And it all went poof. I was able to find
maybe 50 old videos and one of them was
my very last where I call this guy out.
Whoa.
>> And so yeah, I was pretty much he hurt
my feelings. So, I got my feelings hurt.
I'm assuming when you I'm assuming when
you did that it felt really good, right?
Were you like, "Yeah, I got him." Or
were you like
>> [sighs]
>> like how did you feel there? Were you
like were you happy? Were you Pissed.
Now I'm like, "What are you doing?"
>> Right. Okay. I was diag
I'm going to be all over the place. I
was diagnosed with ADHD at age 55 and it
explains so much about my life.
Um
it's a knee it was a knee-jerk reaction.
I didn't think. I didn't plan it.
>> decision.
>> Right. It was and I'm it was just
delete. It was a most mostly it was
like, you know, go to hell, dude.
Do whatever you want. Um and I just get
cuz social media is just evil and I
consider YouTube a part of that as evil
also.
>> Well, it's not quite as bad as like
Facebook and stuff, but it's it can be
bad, yeah.
>> Yeah. So, I was gone for
mm year and a half off of YouTube,
didn't do any content, just was selling
my postcards and wasn't even really
watching anything.
Uh and then I was watching a a guy who
he was doing packing in the morning
videos named Jackass Retro. Yeah, I I I
know him. And he he got into postcards
because I was selling postcards and saw
how how good I was doing.
Um and I just he one morning and I I was
watching I was just lurk and one morning
he was talking about
Popeye.
And I just said, "Hey, how you doing?"
Something just something just like and
he was like, "Oh my god, Popeye. You're
He didn't know you were there. He didn't
even know you were there, but you
happened to be there. Well, that that
must have blown his mind. Yeah, he was
yeah. I don't think he does content
anymore, but
>> Ah, okay. So, yeah, that I started that
the second channel again Popeye's
Postcards um
and
I'll disappear for a year. I won't put
content for a year and then I'll come
back and cuz I just I don't know. I'm
not good at it. And this last time I
started it was just I woke up in the
morning like, "Oh, I'm going to start
YouTube back up again." And it was like
September.
And so I just do these like daily
morning as I'm pulling my postcards and
just just talking, just rambling. Well,
that that's got to be kind of a like
like let's be honest. That's a that's a
tough niche. You know, like I find it
fascinating. I do and I think a lot of
other resellers would too. But, man,
that's probably a pretty small
community, right? Uh yeah, pretty small.
Back I mean, when I started
let me see. I did a like a 24 part guy.
I was I appeared on someone else's
channel Jason Smith. He has he does like
a paid subscription thing and he brought
me on and I did a
It was supposed to be like a one hour
show
and I did two. It was a two-parter hour
and a half each. And I put together this
PowerPoint and I was like, "You know
what? I'm going to make that into a a
guide." And part of that guide is back
in two when I first did in 2017
there were 3. some million postcards on
eBay.
Okay.
>> And now there's over 25 million.
Whoa.
And so from 2017
to now from 3 million to 25 million
postcards. Are are sales following that
same trend? Um
>> it you know, like are sales on eBay
eight times higher or seven times higher
or whatever? It's it's hit or miss, you
know, with me with 46 I have 46,000
postcards in my main store and there are
still days I might sell two cards for
$16.
Yes. Oh yeah, it it can be bad, but then
there's other days that I'm doing three,
four hundred dollar days or a thousand
dollar days if I hit hit a really great
postcard and have auctions running.
So
I do want to back up a little bit.
>> But before we before we do that, I want
to ask you what is the status of that
website?
Oh, it's still
>> [laughter]
>> It's
for 300 you can have it for $300. So
that for since 2000
uh for so for the last five or six
years, I don't know what websites cost
to hold.
How much?
But he's holding on to it, which he can
have it. I I don't
It's not going to do anything with it.
It sucks because it's valuable to one
person on Earth. Yeah.
You. Mhm.
And that's it. But now I don't even want
it type of thing. I mean, if he dropped
it and like a year if I just happened to
go by and it's available, I might do it.
But I did popeyespostcards.net,
which is not as bad, not as good, but
but I never put anything on it. You
know, I had I had a similar situation
with Shed flips. Uh Uh not the same
thing though, but I just tried to
register it
and somebody was sitting on it and it
had like a for sale page for like, you
know, couple grand or whatever. And I'm
like, oh well, screw it, you know.
>> Yeah. And then one time I checked and it
was just it was available, publicly
available and I snatched that sucker up.
So you know, don't give up, man. Don't
give up.
>> he had it for 3,000 at one time.
>> [laughter]
>> And only one person on this planet would
want the site and that is you. Yeah.
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah.
Yeah, trying to extort you for three
grand. He's not a yeah, he's he I won't
say anything else, but Yeah, there's
nothing. Yeah. So how many how many
postcards do you have currently listed
on eBay?
Um actual
number I have 46,000
that's single listings of postcards on
my main store.
But with that, it's
It's probably with multi quantity, it's
um
it's a couple hundred thousand, I
believe, because I bought
a couple years ago I
That's another story. Um
I did videos on it. I bought a million
airplane postcards.
Flew out to
uh Milwaukee, rented a Penske truck,
hired a crew
uh to load them and I drove them back
from Milwaukee to Maryland where I live.
So back behind me you probably see the
right there.
Uh store or it's shelf shelving unit.
Uh I have one, two, three, four, five,
six. I have six seven full with another
five waiting
to put postcards in. So those boxes
behind me
there's the airplane postcards and one
box may only have three [snorts]
postcards in it, but there's 400 copies
of each.
And I list it once and that postcard's
listed forever.
What did a buy like that, if you don't
mind talking about it? What did a buy
like that cost you all in?
Uh
the postcards themselves were $10,000,
so a penny a card. Penny a card, that's
what I was going to going to guess.
Okay.
I the airplane trip was free. I had
airplane miles, but I will tell you that
I and I it's a it's my little video. I I
may have taken a little something to
maybe help me relax for the trip
and [snorts] I had rented a I had a car
service come and get me
and I'd booked the car to drop me off at
the wrong airport.
Oh, no. Cuz where I live, I can go to
Baltimore
uh Reagan National, which is in DC, and
uh Dulles.
Well, I was supposed to fly out of
Dulles, but I had the car take me to
Reagan National in DC and I didn't
realize it until I got to look at the
board and I'm looking for my flight. I
had first class tickets. You know.
>> [laughter]
>> No. And I and I'm looking and I'm like
well, there's no there's no flight
there's no direct flight to Milwaukee.
And um so I look at my phone and it was
cut off, that's why I didn't see it. I
was like, oh my god, I was supposed to
go to IAD and not DCA and
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah, so I just want to I went up to the
counter. I was I was like you know,
panicking. I went to the counter. I was
like, I need to get to
uh Milwaukee. Not Milwaukee. He's like,
all right, yeah, Wisconsin. Yeah. And um
so they were able to get me through
there
uh through Chicago and then to
Milwaukee. I said, I got to get there at
least by tonight, but uh
I sat on the on the flight and um the
lady sat down beside me and I was like,
I'm not supposed to be on this flight.
And [snorts] she's like what do you
mean? And I told her.
And then there was a delay. We sat on
the tarmac for like a half hour, 45
minutes cuz there was an issue with the
plane. Oh, no.
>> I freaked this lady out cuz she's
furiously she's furiously supposed to be
here.
>> [laughter]
>> Just want to let you know. So but then
the rental truck, I mean, I had the
hired crew. They were they were like
I was like six or eight hundred bucks.
It's like a four-man crew.
And with yeah, four-man crew, 200 bucks.
I gave them each like a $40 tip.
Uh then the Penske truck was I don't
know, that was a couple thousand one-way
trip from Milwaukee to Maryland. How big
of a truck was this? Like how much how
big was this?
The 20
>> Yeah. 20 26 foot or whatever is the
biggest you can rent without getting
like a CDL. It's like a 26 footer. And
you filled it pretty much?
Uh pretty much like one layer, but this
stuff is heavy. Right. Yeah.
Oh, so it's more about the weight than
the space Exactly. Yeah.
So So we're talking how many how how
heavy was it? Like it was tons of
postcards?
>> Probably a pound a pound of postcards,
which is about 120
120 postcards per pound-ish. Oh, well
[__]
>> I I can't math.
>> What's the math on that? It was it was
>> it. I'll do it real quick. Okay.
It was a couple pounds. Crazy. Yeah.
>> so you were able to fit them all in like
just the one trip? Yep. All in the one
trip and then you know, the gas or the
diesel
Excuse me, the whatever the other stuff.
It's over four tons. It's over four tons
of postcards. Yeah, so it was a lot. And
then I it took me three days to unload
the truck.
And that's that's in my little video,
too.
Yeah, and I'm through I'm through about
600,000 of them. So I still have What's
that mean? Listing? Yeah, I've listed
about 600,000. Like I said, that could
be that might be about 5,000 aviation
cards because again there's a thousand
of one type of thing. So so you paid 10
How long ago was this again, John? Uh
2021,
January 2021.
Do you have any idea how many you sold?
Uh no, I made my money back. All and so
I
when I say that I how much it cost all
in, it was like
a penny and a half each. It was like 1.4
something cents per card
when you do hotel and a food and all
that stuff.
>> Right. Um but I made it I made it back
in within that first year.
Right.
>> made all my money back and that's so for
the last four, five, however long it's
been,
um I sell I don't know, six to eight
thousand dollars worth of airplane cards
a year, something like that.
And photos, there were photos with it, 8
by 10 photos, which I I still sell cuz I
can scan them.
Do you do this by yourself? I am a
one-man band.
Yeah. Yeah, once in a while
my uh
daughter will help me um scan postcards
or
uh
or list them
uh once in a while, but it's been years.
My wife may
uh organize them, sort them, you know,
by state or topic or something like that
cuz that's how I do things. It's easier
to
when I'm listing, list 50
California cards and then 50 Christmas
cards and then just So that's it helps
me when they're sorted. But yeah, no, I
I'm I'm a one-man band. Do it all
myself.
>> you sell a lot on on eBay, but you've
also told me that you sell on Whatnot as
well.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> How does that work? I've never seen I'm
not really too familiar with Whatnot and
like what sells on there. But is there a
lot of postcard sellers on Whatnot or
are you kind of like I There are there
are now. I was I've signed up for
Whatnot it was uh April of 2022.
So I'm just coming up on
uh four years on the platform. My first
show was May 1st of 2022. Uh Don
the uh Yeah. Yeah, he he told me Yeah,
Primetime. I was on his show a long,
long time ago, also. Okay. Um
but he he had a show all about Whatnot.
I was like, man, that's a
that's pretty cool cuz I was going to do
YouTube auctions.
Mhm. And I didn't I didn't want to hunt
people down. I was like, I need a way to
get rid of these cuz I had a at the time
I had a million and a half postcards in
the house.
And I was like, I need to get rid of
some of these. So, I signed up for
Whatnot. I was the very first postcard
seller. We had to use We had to do
onboarding.
And we had a video onboarding and then
you go around tell me what you sell. And
I was like, Were you on Were you on
YouTube at this point that you're
talking about? This point in time were
you on YouTube or not? Uh
no.
>> wondering if you had a following at all
or if you just went prob like started
bare like from ground zero or what?
>> 2020 No, I was I was I was back on cuz I
came back on in 2021.
Okay.
>> Like the end of 2021. I think that's
when it was. About a year and a half or
maybe late
very early No, cuz um
cuz I Yeah, I I was on on YouTube cuz I
went live from the airplane deal to that
Jackass Retro. So, yeah, I was I was on
live. So, I had a following
which helped which helped.
>> How did that go out of the gate? Did a
lot of people come over and start buying
from you or did it take time to kind of
build up?
Uh my very first show I did about 2,500
bucks. Wow.
>> What? And my first my first month I did
18,000.
On
on Whatnot.
>> On what?
So, were you selling individual cards or
were you selling bulk bulk lot kind of
stuff? Yeah, I started off uh pretty
much
curated lots. Like here are
>> Mhm. 20 kitty cat postcards. Here's 40
Santa postcards. So, I started doing
curated lots.
Um
and that first year from May 1st of 2022
to May 1st 2023 I did 147,000
selling bulk postcards
>> Wow. on eBay. So, yeah, or on on
Whatnot. So, I yeah, I was the first
postcard seller.
And I used to do a Tuesday show cuz I I
looked at Whatnot. Whatnot put this
thing out as like,
they said, "Don't sell on Tuesday.
Tuesday Tuesdays are our lowest volume
days." Yep. So, I'm like, "You know
what? I'm going to I'm Tuesday is going
to be I'm selling postcards from 8:00
until whenever." Couple hour show. But I
also did Saturday shows.
And um
yeah, now Tuesdays are just jam-packed
with with sellers. Um So, your first
year you did 147,000 dollars in
postcards. Yeah, from May from May 1st
of 2022 to May 1st of 2023 I did
147,000. I'm blown away. In that first
year, were you pretty much the only
postcard seller the entire year or were
there other people that came in that
year or They said
>> pretty much controlling the market
[clears throat] that whole year? Uh
no, not really. But I was the only one
>> Wow. But I was the only one selling like
bulk.
>> Bulk lots.
>> And that's what I was That's what I've
been
That's what I've been known for. Um is
if you need bulk lots,
go see Pop I. I just did a show
Saturday.
It was about 2 hours and 20 minutes and
I sold 51 pound lots. So, 50 pounds of
postcards.
6,000 cards? Oh, yeah, about about that.
Yeah. Um
>> Yeah, I did the I did the Pop I math
real quick on [laughter]
That's That's quicker than my math. But
um So, I did I think I did
uh just under 1,500 for two and two
hours and 20 minutes. 50 minutes. So,
about 500 bucks an hour when I'm when
I'm on you
Keep on call calling it Whatnot. When
I'm on Whatnot. But that's how I get rid
of stuff. That's how you get rid of
stuff. What are you talking about?
That's how you get rich. What are you
talking about?
>> Yeah. I Yeah, I know.
Whatnot's got to be Is has Whatnot
basically become your like main platform
at this point? It did. I am back into
eBay now. Oh, really? Yeah.
>> Something happened. Something happened.
What happened? Um Well, I was like kind
of believe it or not I I was I want to
sell good stuff and I I was getting to
the point where I I'd blown through like
all my back stock that I wanted to sell
on there. I still have
50 or 60,000 cherry-picked cards that
need to go to eBay. And those are the
cards that I think could be, you know,
could be a sleeper. I just sold a card a
week or two ago for 600 bucks. So, I
could have that type of stuff
in these cherry-picked boxes.
So, the stuff I sell on Whatnot is the
stuff I've already processed
and I pull out what I think may be 15 to
20 dollar card.
And anything below that goes in bulk to
>> Okay, so I Well, I know I know it's a
lot of numbers and a lot of It's amazing
though. I have a question. When you When
you source, Mhm. are you sourcing just
like give me everything or are you kind
of like do you kind of know what you're
buying? Like how does that work? And
then just like later on when you going
through it you're like, "Oh, wow, look
at this 600 dollar card I have. I didn't
realize I had it." Yeah, I Two ways I
source I usually I I'll either go to buy
them at auctions Okay. or I'll I'll go
to postcard shows.
Uh I'll go to postcard shows and
sometimes they're two-day shows and I'll
spend those two days looking through the
dealers' boxes. And that's where I'm
cherry-picking out what those dealers
don't know sell well for on eBay. So,
I'll cherry-pick those out maybe a
couple hundred dollars' worth. But then
at the end of the show, I'll be like,
"Any boxes you don't want to take home?"
>> Mhm. Yep.
Uh build up those relationships with
those dealers. I used to vend at shows
and I found that I made more money going
to the other dealers buying what they
don't know to sell on eBay
than in what I was actually selling from
my own stock on eBay. So, I stopped
vending. I just go and cherry-pick cuz
no one was doing that. Well, that's what
when I started the the YouTube channel,
that's what I was telling people is
you can make a lot of money by flipping
postcards. And no one that I know of was
going to postcard shows and
cherry-picking the dealers and then
flipping them on eBay. So, but yeah,
I'll go at the end of the show. I just
did I went to the Lancaster, PA show
couple weekends ago and I built up a
relationship with this vendor. Mhm. And
so, I emailed him beforehand. I was
like, "Any boxes you don't want to take
home?" He says, "I have 55 boxes." Which
is about 40 They were packed. They were
packed. Um and these boxes
When you When you pack these boxes, you
can pack a thousand into them.
Um
they were probably about 900 cards per
box. I bought 55 of them. So, around 40
some thousand postcards.
Uh I'm I'm still processing those cards.
I'm trying to process the numbers you
talk you're talking. I can't process
[laughter] it. Million 147,000
a thousand like what? I almost need to
do a disclaimer that, you know, people
are going to hear my numbers and they're
going to be like, "Ah, I'm going to go
all in on postcards." And that's what
that happens. And people are like, "Oh,
I'm I'm giving away all my clothes that
I sourced from Goodwill and I'm going to
go all in on postcards." And then two
months later they're like, "Um yeah, I'm
not selling postcards. Do you want to
buy these?"
>> you want to buy them? Yeah. [laughter]
No, I go, "No, selling postcards is
stupid. Don't know."
>> [laughter]
>> Sucker. Yeah, no.
So, so out of those
>> [laughter]
>> out of those 44,000,
um I'll pick out like maybe 10,000 that
I think are, you know, 15 to 20 dollar
cards or at least I'm going to list for
15 dollar cards. So, that's right there
there's 10,000. That's That's 150,000
dollars' worth of listed value. Now,
they're all not going to sell and
they're all not 15 dollar cards.
But I've they're listed. And those those
34,000
cards that I that I don't think are
going to that I don't want to list,
uh those are what I I had seven boxes is
what I went through for my Saturday
Whatnot show. So, 70 bo- or seven boxes,
yeah, about 6,000 cards.
And that brought in 1,500 dollars. And I
I bought them all for about a nickel
each. So, that the 55 boxes was 19 just
under 2,000 dollars.
Wow. You know what I'm hearing here?
Tell me if I got this right.
You love postcards and you must like
love like the history and like the a lot
of the subject matters because to me
what I'm hearing
is a man that told me he sold on his
first year on Whatnot um 150,000
dollars' worth of postcards.
I don't see how you still want to sell
individual postcards on eBay or anywhere
else given that cuz if it was just about
making the money, it seems like your
time would be best spent on Whatnot
based on what you said so far unless I'm
missing something.
>> Uh I love I love both platforms. But
with with Whatnot, it's it's a show. I
mean, you can watch You could watch a
Whatnot show that I did cuz I have them
streamed from Whatnot to YouTube. So,
they're under my They're under my live
live section.
But it's a two and a half hour show. And
I'm a one-man I don't have anybody to
play off of.
So, like in this type of in this type of
setting, I [snorts] I Truthfully, I
could keep you guys on for four hours
talking. Cuz I got a great dead milkman
story, you know.
>> [laughter]
>> I do have a great milk milk
He's another old guy like me, Ryan. So,
he he knows what I'm talking about.
>> I'm I'm 50 I'll be 58 this year. So,
yeah.
Yeah, I'm 52. I'm I'm I'm too far behind
you, Jeff.
>> Yeah, you're you're Jeff, actually, I
understand.
>> [laughter]
>> But um so anyway, yeah, I'll just I do
like the history.
Um and it just it's more of the treasure
hunt and it's the finding. You know, you
know that when you guys go to yard sales
like, "Oh." You know, you zoom in and
it's like
they're selling it for a buck. I know
that's 50 bucks or something like that.
Postcard games got to be different
though because I imagine like you don't
Do you actually
I imagine most a lot of the postcards
you list have never been sold before,
right? Like a lot of them I would
imagine.
>> Yeah, a lot of them. You got to There
you got to find those ones cuz
there were billions and billions of
postcards made. And there could be
I mean like Niagara Falls. There were
There's probably half a billion or a
billion of like Niagara Falls. You're
touristy trap places, you know, Mount
Vernon,
uh big cities,
uh
uh oh yeah, uh
Niagara Falls. Everybody went to Niagara
Falls, they had to buy a postcard.
And I they're just not worth much. But
if you get the small town where you
where someone grew up
and it's a
and it's a real photo postcard.
Um I actually have samples. See if I can
You know, I don't know how well it'll
show up, but you know, that's that's
someone
that's a real photo postcard from this
town somewhere in Missouri from 1850
something or something. 1910s or
something like that. Okay.
So that that view hasn't been seen. And
then the what happened would be there
like a photographer would show up in
their wagon
and they would go about town taking
pictures of the church, of the of the
street views, of the
of the town hall or something like that.
And they'd go back to their little wagon
and they would process them process them
and turn them into postcards. And then
you go back to the general store and
you're like, "Hey, I got 50 postcards of
the main street. I got 50 postcards of
the church."
You know, five a nickel for all of it or
something like that.
>> So So that's we're talking short run.
Exactly. Short prints. Just like in the
in the ball card world, sports card
short print. So you got to look for some
of those.
Is this worth anything?
Grass Valley. I may actually have
something like that. Grass Valley, uh it
could be.
Uh it's a uh probably a 1940s, maybe
1950s. Lith- Is it a lithograph print?
I don't know. Here's the back.
>> Yeah, it's a it's a lithograph print. Um
I've got a whole stack of them now. I've
got quantity. Yeah. See, for me, I would
list that for probably $14.95 and I have
a quantity of eight or 10 and I would
not touch that card again. And then you
know, maybe send offers for 10 bucks.
And it might sell. Or you know, I have
cards up here listed 15 years ago that
no one's ever looked at. But tomorrow
someone might come by and say, "Man, I
really want that postcard."
And I have it listed. So it's it's still
Yeah, it's it's some of them are
horrible in a really bad shape.
>> while we're talking, I I just went to
your eBay store and I searched my town.
I'm not going to say it, but I searched
my town to see if you had had my town
and you don't. But I was going to buy I
If you did, I was going to buy it.
>> [laughter]
>> And how do you How do you ship the
individual cards? Do you use eBay
standard envelope or do you just use
first class or what? What do you do?
>> I I do. It's eBay standard envelope. Uh
I just use these 4 and 1/2 by 6 and 1/2
mailers. Think think the thickness of a
cereal box. Two pieces of cereal box.
That's for under $20.
And then over $20,
I use the eBay The thick ones. The thick
ones and they get it
>> They Those don't go eBay standard
envelope though, the thick ones. I've
had trouble with them in the past
anyways.
>> Yeah. People say you can send them eBay
standard envelope, but I I don't. I
don't. I don't just This these little
thin ones are are good enough.
So.
So you said you sold a a card for $600
recently. What was that one? Yeah, it
was um
it was from about 1910s, maybe a little
earlier. It was of the kind of like
uh
it's not the king of the country, but it
was from the Ottoman Empire and the
Ottoman Empire put this guy in charge of
Egypt back in I don't know, 1908,
something like that. Uh Abbas A B B A S
S the second, something like that. And I
I don't remember where I got it, but it
probably cost It probably came in a lot
of postcards and maybe cost me a
quarter. I always just say it cost me a
quarter. But it could have caught me It
cost me a a penny or or 5 cents.
>> It doesn't matter at that point, right?
>> Right. No, it doesn't. No. So I just I
started I was in a kick to put all these
cherry-picked postcards at auction for
$21.95 just to just to get them listed.
Mhm. And this one got
uh immediate watchers, immediate bidders
in that first three or four days. It was
up to you know, two, three hundred
dollars. And then yeah, that last that
last couple minutes of the auction, it
went for 610.
And I was a little bit worried because
five out of the six bidders were from
>> Egypt. I don't ship I don't ship to
Egypt. But I through the through eBay, I
ship to you know, they they say, "We'll
we'll take care of it if you don't ship
to that country."
Uh but the winning bidder was from
United States and they paid immediately.
So it was nice. $610 on an auction. What
is the Is that the highest? That's the
highest
>> ever gotten? Yeah, but I've also had
cards they were like the uh pre-opening
Disneyland
cards.
>> They're
they're 4 by 6 continental size. They're
real photos, but they have
the Disney characters and if they're all
in Fra- all in Paris. So they have like
Goofy flying around the Eiffel Tower and
but he's he's hand-painted or colorized.
Mhm. And um I was selling those for
about 350, three to 350 each and I had a
guy come in buy buy like five or six of
them. So couple thousand dollar order.
So I've had
thousand dollar orders before, but
single postcards that is 610 was my
biggest one. Yeah, I know. But yeah,
I I'm telling you,
in selling individual postcards is not
for everybody. It it really isn't. I I
don't I can't stress that enough.
>> I guess you would say that, Mr. million
dollar postcard [laughter] seller guy.
But
but if what I was always trying to get
to through to people cuz people I heard,
you know, "Those are stupid little
pieces of paper. You know, they're not
worth anything."
And when I was like contacting you and
contacting um
you know, the other YouTubers back then,
all I really was trying to get across is
if you come across if you see them at a
yard sale
and they're only a couple bucks, you
know, pick them up.
You know, you don't have to sell them
all singly.
>> I have. Yeah. I have.
>> Well, I I did look at your one lot of
293 postcards that you got that you did
buy it now for 40 bucks.
I probably would have put 80 to 100 on
that.
Oh. Yeah. Yeah, cuz I'm just
and I'm just looking at some of the
pictures. I'm thinking, "Yeah, that's a
$15 card. That might be a $25 card."
Yeah, I'm I'm looking at looking at
those and they're not all not going to
sell, but you know what? If you're happy
for 40 bucks,
you made a postcard flipper extremely
happy to get that card.
>> I'm happy to do that, but I'm also like
I'm also extremely I've been thinking
about this interview for a while cuz
man, I'm extremely interested in like
your like I was talking to Candace about
it today when we were packing orders and
I was like, "Man, it's so cool that
because like
if you like doing it, like I don't know
if I could do what you do. Mhm. But if
you if you do, then it turns the
reselling into like
cuz man, I I might pack a bat followed
up by a pack of perfume and then I'll
pack a sweater and then I'll pack a
book. And every and I'm all you
Right.
>> [laughter]
>> But you're you can hone in and you can
like
your processes are probably just like
locked down, rock solid, very efficient.
Yeah. And I
I started out selling everything but
postcards.
Yeah, I started on eBay January of '98.
And I was I did it to sell my Popeye
collectibles.
Um
>> Mhm. What What What is up with the
Popeye thing anyways? Can we get I I
meant to ask that early on. Yeah, I
guess we never did like introduction cuz
I just I just go right into it.
>> all right.
It's better that way anyways. Yeah.
Yeah, right out of high school right out
of high school, I joined the Navy, did
three years in the Navy, aircraft
carrier and out of Japan.
Came back, went to school, joined a
fraternity my first semester.
Uh it's pretty much I was a 21-year-old
freshman and they just they just said,
"Hey, you're Popeye." Oh. You know, they
Animal House. Yeah, Animal House. You're
Popeye or or whatever. Okay. They call
me Popeye. And then I got a tattoo. And
then when I was um
a Popeye tattoo. And then when I started
getting on eBay, I was like, "Well, I
need to come up with Actually, AOL.
I still have an AOL account. And I was
going to do Popeye on there.
And that was taken. So I did spinach
eater. And Popeye is spinach eater. But
anyway, then eBay came along and I was
like, "Well, I need to
I want to, you know, use that AOL
account and that's how Popeye came up.
>> It works because it's
it's alliteration, right? It's pa pa pa.
Popeye's Postcards.
>> yeah. So, you got the three Ps and it
kind of works. Yeah. So, look Let me ask
you Can I ask Can I get you to
>> You ask me anything, yep.
Are these worth anything? These QSL
cards? I've got a stack of them.
>> Well,
QSL cards
That's in the ham radio world ham radio
or the CB world. That's how someone
says,
"We talked on the radio last night. I I
acknowledge your
uh
Actually, those might be Yeah, I'm
wondering if some of those are CB and
some of those are ham radio. I can't
remember the distinction. Okay.
Yes and no.
Um
if you get ones, the older the better
and if
>> the '50s mostly. Mine are Oh, look look
at this one. This one's kind of cool.
That's probably right there is a good
one. I don't know if that's a real
photo. If you look at a If you look at a
postcard under a magnifying glass and
you see little printing dots, it's not a
real photo. Uh it's hard to tell.
Uh but if you Yeah, if you just grab a
magnifying glass and
you might be able to tell if there's no
dots or no squiggles, it's a real photo
postcard.
But it it kind of looks like a printed
litho.
But it's showing a guy with all of his
equipment. Uh that would do well because
it's a mascot. Cartoons, mascots, uh the
people uh if they're from foreign
countries from like the '30s, '40s, uh
they can do well.
Um I belong to a very small little group
on Discord. There's only like six of us
and we talk all the time. Postcards
Excuse me, postcards. And there's a
couple in there that are buying QSL
cards. They
They buy them for
you know, a nickel or a quarter, less
than a quarter each, but they're listing
them each for about 15 bucks and they
are selling. Some are selling Some
people are selling them for five, some
people are selling them for
you know, 15. Uh the most expensive one
I sold with is probably about 20 or 30
dollars
and it was trying to remember [snorts]
what it was. It was from the '30s and it
was like the first transmission of like
from a school, like a college had like a
ham radio club.
And uh
that was that one. And then I had one
where it was a real photo of it. I think
it might have been the very early '30s,
a guy with his equipment. And those are,
you know, 20, 30 dollars.
>> You You know what's amazing to me is
like Okay, you sell one type of item,
but then I show you like we did not talk
about this beforehand. I show you a
stack of these QSL cards and then you go
on and on and on about information about
this one specific subgenre.
>> It's pretty cool.
>> Of Oh, wait. Like I imagine your
knowledge that you have about
like pretty much freaking everything
Yeah. must be like tremendous. Yeah. I
do very well at Jeopardy questions now
because of Jeopardy or because of
geography and history and
stuff like that. I do pretty well.
>> Education by postcard. Exactly. I cuz
everything that has ever existed, that
has ever been thought about,
has appeared on a postcard. Put that on
a postcard. Put it on a postcard. Yeah,
everything. Um
And yeah, there's uh there are subsets
to the postcards. Um some of the coolest
ones If you I like I brought prop We can
talk about anything and everything. I
did bring some props.
What you got?
These are called hold the light. Whoa.
Those are called hold the light
postcards.
It was just in a printing process.
>> That is very cool. This is from 1900
Paris Exposition.
Um
When I When I When I I've seen hold the
light all the time when I was processing
the cards. This This card had been
uh picked through and picked through and
picked through or the box this came from
had been picked through and I go through
and I was like, "Oh, wait, there's
something different." Cuz you can feel
all those little holes in your side.
Uh those are cutouts on the front. Are
there ever any braille postcards?
I I'm sure there are.
You never encountered one, though?
No, I've encountered one.
>> him, Ryan. I stumped him.
>> Well, no. You got him. No, I think
>> [laughter]
>> there has to be. I just may never have
seen one. And I can't remember I've I've
processed
millions and millions and millions of
postcards and I've sold
100 plus thousand probably. Uh I don't
remember every postcard, but I can
remember somewhere in my pea brain I
file it and I'm like, "Oh, yeah, I need
to keep an eye out for that uh for the
future." And so what
What does your day look like when you're
like
when you sit down you're like, "Okay,
I'm going to list a bunch of postcards."
Like how many like on average can you
list in a day? And how Like what is that
process like? Do you scan them? Like how
does that How does that work? Yeah.
First thing I do is I sort them.
Uh Yep. Uh over here
on You won't You can't see it, but I
have the They're shoe cubbies. You know,
the little There's I don't know This is
like 5 by 5 and you can put 25 pair of
shoes. So, it's like it's almost like a
mail sorting center and I have Mhm.
Oh, I think I have about a
75, 80 slots over here cuz I got several
of them.
You know, Alabama through Wyoming. And I
just grab a stack of postcards, you
know, Alabama,
Maryland, Wyoming and then down here's
topics.
Christmas,
Thanksgiving, India or
you know, Asian countries, island,
whatever. This is the cost right here.
The cost ain't that penny or 5 cents or
whatever. This is the cost. Yes, but
it's also it is and I say this all the
time is if you find something you love,
you never work a day in your This is
100% it because I can do this for 15 to
17 hours a day, wake up and do the exact
same thing all over again and and love
it. Um so So, yeah, sorting sucks
uh
cuz it can take it can take, you know,
an hour to get through a box.
And uh but when I'm Say if I have 500
California cards that uh
If [snorts] I If I pulled it out,
cherry-picked it thinking that this is a
really good card, I have to research it
when I list it. So, when I research a
card,
it it may take I can do re I can list
do the title cuz I use a program called
SixBit. I All I have to do is change the
title and change the pictures. As long
as I got the categories right. I don't
really don't mess around with item
specifics.
Mhm. Um
with research, I can do about 40 card
for about 40 cards an hour.
Um but if I don't care about like for me
main New Eng You know if I think you're
from New England.
Uh but no offense, but New England
cards, I hate listing them cuz just to
me they don't sell well. Ooh.
>> That's just me. It's nothing against
those kind of beautiful country up
there. Just for me on postcards, they
don't sell well. So, if I get
>> Yeah.
uh I can do
I can do 100 an hour
if all I'm doing is changing the title
and changing the picture. Mhm.
Wow.
With no research.
So, is this How much do Is this a
full-time gig for you? Like do you spend
full-time hours on it every week on
this?
>> Uh double. Yeah. And then I don't need
this money. Um when I retired from the
the government, I was a federal
probation officer. Okay. Um when I
retired from that, I got to retire at
age 51 Wow. with a pension and that
pension
covers all my bills. Covers my mortgage,
covers my truck, covers everything. Good
for you, man.
>> Uh have little squig little wiggle room,
but my daughter went to college out of
state at 50,000 pop a year.
>> Ouch. So, this is this pays for that.
Hey, let's go to Disney. Okay, this pays
for Disney. Awesome.
So, yeah, this pays for a lot. I am I
went to an S corp
um because I was making way too much
money. Taxes were killing me. So, I went
to the went to an S corp and also
because part of my pension I can't make
over It's like Social Security. You
can't make over X amount. I pay myself
>> a salary Okay. Yeah. But
I love it. I have Okay, so I have a I
have a
question then.
Why aren't you using AI?
>> You haven't mentioned AI once. This
seems like really, really well suited to
AI to me, especially when it comes to
sorting. I'm I'm dabbling. I'm not
>> Okay. Um I have
AI is good. It's not great. It is okay
for postcards. My whole problem Again,
it's the when I started, there were
3,000 or 3 million postcards. I was
selling everything for really great
money.
Now there's 25 million postcards. You
have those race to the bottom people.
Yeah. They're using AI. Right.
>> They um Well, let me also with the
postcard community, I'm selling I think
probably to a lot of older people.
The postcard I don't I don't get
returns. I usually don't get complaints
except the you know, "Where's my
postcard?" Um it's you know, what It
doesn't take 3 days to get across
you know, I can't get a a letter to my
next door neighbor in three three days.
>> [laughter]
>> It's going to take 3 weeks to get from
here to California.
>> I I can just imagine like a conveyor
belt
with like a camera on it
feeding this sorting thing and then it's
reading this and then it's it's
automatically slotting this stuff for
you by state or by by genre or whatever.
>> Yeah, it is and and I've dabbled. Um
that's my second store. I'm just
dabbling. I don't talk about it on my
YouTube channel cuz I'm not I'm not
ready to yet cuz I do have
I have a I have a great problem with the
race to the bottom people, the people
who are using AI just to put crap up
and you know, the pictures are wonky or
backwards.
They you know, they don't clean their
scanner and now there's lines all over
the postcards. The AI cannot tell a real
photo postcard
from [snorts] a sepia. So, if you're not
going through each one and like well, no
that one's wrong or you know, it put
that fluffy step back in time to it, you
know, and it's like putting this fluffy
stuff. [laughter]
Right. [snorts]
>> And and so there's a lot of there's
problems with it.
Um but yes, I my dabbling with it is
yeah, I don't have to sort. And 90 80%
of the time it's it does really it does
really well with like foreign cards.
You know, it cuts down that research.
But you know, it's
it's just the
it's just the getting the people who
uh are just racing to the they don't
know postcards and they're just throwing
it on to eBay.
And you know, if you're if you're
listing a card and it says a real photo
and a buyer gets it and it's not a real
photo
you know, that's that's really degrading
the trust in postcard sellers on eBay
and I'm one of them on
I've been there since '98 selling
postcards and
you know, so yes, I can but I'm also
again it's if you don't beat them join
them type of thing. So, I am I am
dabbling. You could probably incorporate
it in some areas that would not and then
of course you would always have the
final like review. Right. It could like
maybe pre-sort it and then you check it
out and then you whatever, right? Like
I'm sure you could find some spots where
it's still
where nobody can even tell you're using
it. That's that's the best use of AI I
think is when someone can't tell you're
using AI. Yeah. And I've always wanted
My problem has always been I can't list
quick enough and I've always said, you
know, I I can't I have
I can't I have 50 to 60,000 postcards
just waiting to sit. They're they're
sitting and waiting to go on eBay and
that's that's hundreds and hundreds of
thousands of dollars just sitting there
in a box and it's because, you know, me
typing out doing the research to make
sure
um that it's a if it's a $200 postcard
making sure I'm not listing it for $4.99
or something like that.
But yeah, I
So, yeah it's a it AI and me were we'll
get there.
Uh
I I use sometimes I'll use chat GPT to
like help me with a title and I had to
train chat chat GPT to do it. And there
were times that I would get in an
argument. Uh just a full-blown argument
with chat. It's [laughter] like,
you know, I I'd upload upload a postcard
and it's like, you know, it's a picture
of a street view and then it would spit
out Oh, this is
Buffalo Bill Cody and his Wild West show
and I'm like, no, it's not. How did how
did you even get there?
>> [laughter]
>> And and I once asked I typed in, "Why
are you so effed up?"
And [laughter] it spit out three or four
pages of um
"Why I am messing up you know, why why
why?"
It was all it was like in bullet point
form.
>> [laughter]
>> We've gotten along so much better since
then. It was like we went to counseling
and it told me why [laughter] and I now
I listen and understand. But uh yeah,
>> [laughter]
>> It sounds so That's the thing about AI
is it can do like a lot of amazing
things but then on the on the flip side
it messes up a lot of things really
really badly, too. Oh, in a major yeah,
in a major way it can mess And it sticks
to its guns. Once it messes up it will
not back down. It'll believe its own
lie. Yeah. And so people are putting
that trash on on eBay.
And it's just it's just really bogging
down
eBay. I mean you have to pay to play to
get noticed anyway, it seems anymore and
these people are just just filling it
what what do they call it? A slop? What
is it? AI slop or whatever?
Are they successful though? When they do
that are they successful? That's the
bottom line for them. They don't you
know, they don't care what you what our
opinion
Popeye's opinion of it is. Are they
making money? If they
they're probably making not enough money
to me.
If they're selling a card I've seen it
all the time.
People have a card listed for three
bucks. I'm like, no, that's a $40 card.
And I list it for 40 bucks and it sells.
And their $3 card just sits but it still
it's just bogs down the system. You
know.
But yeah, I guess they're making money
but it's just it again the postcard
world is a different
world, I think. You know, the just the
buyers
uh there's postcard shows and none of
those people are like they have they may
be on eBay um but they don't have like a
smartphone. They still have the cricket
flip phones or whatever and some of
those people are still buying but
they're you know, they don't want to
deal with the
almost like the sports card bros type of
people. Isn't that a problem for you for
for that market though? Like are are new
postcard collectors being born every
day? I would think not. Yeah. I on my I
did a whole list of possible what you
could ask me and one of them is uh
analog kids. The Gen Zs the the the of
today or maybe the younger ones
they you know, they don't want an NFT.
How did how that turn out? NFTs,
[laughter] you know?
They don't want that. They want to hold
something. Um
and I'm seeing more and more that's
truthfully when I first started Popeye's
Postcards YouTube channel
uh yes, it was to educate but it was
also I went to you know, my first
postcard show back then
and I was I don't know if in my 40s and
I'm like, I am the youngest person here.
Um And so from a business aspect I'm
thinking, "Wow, if all the old people I
mean they're going to be dying soon. I
need to start telling people about
postcards to hopefully I don't know
you know, bring people in so I could
keep selling my postcards."
Um
and a lot of a lot of dealers are dying
off every year. I'm thinking, "Oh,
where's this where's this vendor?" Oh,
he died last year. Then I'm like, "What
happened to the postcards?" And so but
now I'm seeing there are younger kids in
their 20s showing up and you know,
they're having a blast. I you don't you
usually don't hear a lot of laughter or
really talking much at a postcard show
and this one postcard show I went to
uh there's these two 20-somethings
and they were just having a ball. It
just the [clears throat] room just
filled with their laughter. And I was
like, that's what we need. We need more
of these uh people and I think they're
getting into it. There's a there's a
part of
postcards called [snorts] postcrossing
and it's it just think international pen
pals.
So, you sign up with postcrossing and
>> of this before, yeah. Yeah and so
younger kids are I'm seeing the YouTube
videos and the reels of people I just
got a postcard from Japan today from
whomever. So, that's kind of cool and I
think that will bring uh younger people
in. So, yeah people the young kids they
want analog. You know, they want to hold
a postcard.
>> [clears throat]
>> Do you think we're heading towards a
world where like the postcard collecting
scene might go like kind of mainstream?
Because like if you think back to like
like in COVID days, right? A lot of like
weird obscure things kind of took off in
those days. Yeah, I did well during
COVID. I'm sure. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah, I think so and I hope so to
keep it going.
>> Yeah. Um postcard worldwide postcard the
postcard collecting holly
hobby which is called deltiology uh is
you know, you got new man numismatic is
And philatelic. Philatelic that's always
like yeah, that always sounds dirty.
Yeah.
>> [laughter]
>> Stamps but worldwide postcards are the
number three most collected item.
Because of the sheer number of postcards
Sheer number and they're relatively
cheap. They really are and you can fill
any
topic. Um when I was vending I had
I had a guy I had all these quarter I
had like 50 boxes of quarter cards, you
know, 25 cent cards.
And he spent 6 hours at the table
looking through stuff and I was like,
"Can I help you find anything?" He's
like, "No, I have 67 topics that I
collect and it'd be like, you know, a
street view with uh the traffic light
has to be red or
a lady with a red shoe. You know, just
It's like
uh what what do they call that when
you're like
like when a scavenger hunt almost? Yeah
and that's what it is. You're you're but
you don't have to go out of you're just
sitting in a box and you're sorting
through and it's like
you know, some people it's like, uh I've
been looking for this card forever.
And it's only a quarter but kind of gets
me to a stories I don't know. People my
buyers on eBay I get it all the time.
They they tell me the story with the
postcard.
Um some people tell me the story before
they buy and it's like, "That's my mom
in that postcard." Whoa. And I'm like,
"Oh, that's a 20 you know, it's $20."
Like,
"Can I Can you Will you sell it to me
for three?" type of thing. I'm like,
"No." If it's your It feels like you
would have paid more. Pay more. I don't
know what. You would think. And I just
had one. It was a 1950s
uh
It was like from Iran or something like
that. It was a carpet seller. There was
a guy at his booth and there's carpets.
And this guy contacts me. I think I had
it for 15 bucks.
And the guy contacts me. He's like,
"That's my That's my grandfather on that
postcard." This is It's a
50-some-year-old postcard. Wow.
Uh will you take less money for it?
And I'm like, No.
>> I I just listed this an hour ago.
No, this is how I make my money. This is
how I support my family and uh That's
insulting, man. That's insulting. And I
said the best I I said I and I sent him
like a 10% off and I hadn't heard from
him for a week. And he contacts me back
and he's like, "Yeah, that would I'm I'm
really I'm looking for that postcard."
You're in this.
>> I really want it. And so I I sent him
like 20% off.
What? And then like a couple days later
What?
>> he
he he was he's like he was still trying
to knock me down in price. I was like,
"You know, in the meantime,
this 2 weeks that has gone by when you
found this rare postcard with your
grandfather, 50 year 50-year-old
postcard, You could be mad at yourself.
>> you're you're haggling over a price. I
said, "If it was me, I mean, you do you,
but if it was me,
I wouldn't have never have asked about
it. I would have bought this thing
outright." And in the meantime, yes, it
did sell.
It sold to someone else.
What a [__] Yeah, so I get that all
the all the time. Sometimes I get the
story after they after they received the
postcard, they're like,
uh I remember this one. It was a fire
department card and it was uh it was on
the front it was like Christmas It's
someone's house burned down on
Christmas.
And you could see the Christmas lights
and the fire truck and house on fire.
And
after I shipped it out, I got a message.
He's like, this from this guy. He's
like, "That's my house."
We went We went to Christmas service
uh at a church and came back and our
house was on fire. Oh my god.
>> So, you know, that that's kind of kind
of neat getting hearing those type of
stories.
Oh, that is very cool. Yeah. But um
So, yeah, I guess I like to buy big
lots. I have uh next week I'm going to
uh Pittsburgh, go see my uh
my Penguins in a in a uh playoff game,
but I'm going to I'm going to um
piggyback that with a business trip. I'm
going to buy uh I think 51,000
postcards.
And um
>> Wow.
Did Did your wife ever tell you, "Hey,
why don't you sell
sell the ones you got, buddy?" Did she
>> [laughter]
>> Or she probably is just completely on
board at this point, huh? No, she No,
she's when I die, they're all going to
the backyard and she can make I told her
at least lay me on top of it.
>> light them on fire? Do a fire. Yeah, I
said you you can I don't need a I don't
want a big funeral, just
do a funeral pyre in the backyard. No,
she Cremate me with my postcards.
[laughter]
>> Yeah.
Yeah, when I die, I'll probably because
like one of these boxes are going to
fall and crack my head.
>> [laughter]
>> But um
Yeah, no, I it has I've been I've moved
I have
When When I had all those airplane
cards, they were in the garage and
they've slowly made it down here. But I
had to get rid of the
210 banker boxes of dental books I had
purchased and sold on eBay. So, I had to
get rid of those to bring the airplane
cards down here. Now, it's pretty much
they go to the garage until I can bring
them in my upstairs office, process
them, pull out what I want, and then I
bring them down here and I have a
tableful to go to Whatnot. And then
other shelving units full of cards that
I have to sort for listing.
So So, do you only buy from other
dealers and kind of like private picks
at this point or do you just go out to
like garage sales and estate sales and
things like that? Cuz I you're not going
to get much volume in those those places
that would impress you at all. No, I've
I've gone to flea markets and they might
have a box and you know, I'll try to buy
the whole box if if they give me an
astronomical amount, then I'll just go
through and cherry-pick out what I want.
And uh I've been to estate sales. Uh
seems like everybody beats me to the the
postcards there. My My best luck is
through auctions, online auctions, or
word of mouth. Um every
every postcard I send out, I put a
information card in there with my links
and I put always buying collections, old
dealer stock, estates, lots, and I put
my my my links. What's on the front of
it?
I had a There's a Halloween artist. Oh,
wow.
>> His name's
Matthew Matthew Kirscht.
He does modern Halloween cards and I've
got to know Matthew over the years and
he's done commission cards for me.
Um so, I said, "Hey, I want Could you do
a commission card for me?" He does these
little critters, little veggie men, and
his cats. And I said, "Can you do Can
you do uh
a custom card for me? It's Popeye being
you know, cooked up. That's Popeye's
arm. Oh, I see it now. There's his
clothes, his hat, and his um
his pipe. I was like, "I want Could you
do Cuz I I I feel this is probably
Pretty dark.
>> [laughter]
>> I do have that dark side. Um I I I
I told him um
you know, Popeye's getting
getting eaten by his his critters. And
this this one's called uh spinach
surprise. Wow. So, I have I had him do
several commissions. I keep the original
He sends me the original art and then he
prints
I don't know. Gives me like 30 postcards
and he'll do some
one-of-a-kind sketches on them.
Uh and I I will resell those. Uh I give
them away really on Whatnot. Um I people
my buyers' appreciation giveaways. I
give away uh
Halloween postcards from this guy. I buy
them specifically to give them away. But
uh Yeah, I thought Didn't you just say
that you include it with the order?
Well, this is
I got permission from him to re This is
like from Shutterfly or one of those Oh,
you made those. Yeah, so he I got the
original art and I said, "Hey, Matthew,
can I make this into like my thank you
card?" Ah, okay.
>> And so, I include one of these. When I
go to postcard shows, I take a big
stack. Mhm. And um I put these at the
informational table and I also put
Mhm? Every postcard you send out though,
you put one of those in with it? Yeah,
every postcard. Yeah, in in the eBay
standard envelope cuz it adds
you know, it just has a little bit more
thickness. You don't want these two You
still want them flexible, but it gives a
little bit more thickness.
And then when I send out
when I send out a card in one of the
bigger mailers for 25 bucks, I put in
the thing I invented that is 3D printing
right now. Wait, let me see that.
So,
>> Oh,
that's cool.
>> it's it's called a card stay. So, in the
postcard world,
um I have that problem with with a lot
of things like that. When when the
postcard world, when you're sorting
postcards, they always just when you
have a quarter of a box, it just they
slide all over the place. Yeah. So, came
up with this thing. I call it the card
>> Card stay.
>> card stay cuz the cards stay in place
and upright. Show how it works when you
put it in there. You just kind of you
It's kind of awkward to do it, but you
just slap it over the sides of the box.
Look at that. Wow.
>> and then your postcards don't
a thing like that. They don't slide
around. Very clever.
Wow. Okay, so where do you sell those?
You sell those on like eBay and Etsy or
something like
>> On Etsy. I sell them on Etsy and I sell
them uh sometimes on my Whatnot. I'll do
them I'll have them in my Whatnot store.
What do you get per per thing? Per per
thing?
Yeah, you buy more of it, it's cheaper.
If you only buy like two or three, you
know, they're like four bucks each, but
if you buy a hundred of them, they're
two bucks each.
Do you Have you made one for a comic
boxes yet? No, they see They actually
have them for the The idea I when I got
it, um someone had them at one of the
big postcard shows. They're They They
have something similar for ball cards.
But of course, you know, the ball card
boxes are only like that thick or that
wide. So, they had one that spanned, you
know, just enough.
Okay.
>> And I'm like, "Why don't we have
something like that for the postcard box
that goes from side to side?"
Mhm.
>> So, came back and uh my daughter's the
She's my print farm manager and my CAD
designer. So, I was like, "This is what
I want. Help me out with it." And so,
she printed them uh Wow.
>> for me. We actually She That's very
cool. She What kind of printers do you
have? We have
three Bambu A1s. That's what we have. We
have A1s. There's one back here. I
bought it for my daughter as as a
business expense for me.
She's in you know, K-pop music. Mhm.
Korean pop music. She's big into K-pop
music.
Well, each one of her Each one of the
bands or groups have these I've sold
those before.
Okay. From uh yeah, I've sold
Man, they they sell for pretty good
money. They sell for I think I sold them
for like 40, 50 bucks or something like
that. They got them for like a dollar or
two, whatever. Yeah, so they're very um
they're expensive. Yeah.
>> And the And the kids love to decorate
these. Okay. So, but but when when
decorate them,
they're only good for one shot. Cuz you
you know, if you put a vinyl wrap or
glue on here,
so my daughter and I were talking. I was
like, you know, I came up with the idea.
I was like, "Why don't you print
something that you can
Oh, man.
>> slip over.
So she
I bought her a whole bunch of light
sticks. Wow.
>> And so she 3D prints
the sleeve that goes over the light
stick. And she'll either do them painted
uh or
This is [clears throat] one of her This
is like one of her This is one of her
favorite artists. So she she does this.
>> Do Oh, wow. How much post work How much
after the print work is that involved
with that? That looks like
>> Um
She did this one for herself. This is
probably about 8 hours, maybe 10. Oh,
that's
But she has her her actually
painting and stuff. hand hand setting
each one of those. Okay.
>> And then um but she does she has her own
Etsy shop.
And she's selling them on there. So but
yeah, we bought her one printer and at
the same about the same time is when I
came up with that idea.
Wow.
>> And pretty much in the first week I got
like 500 an order for 500 or orders for
500 plus.
So I'm doing
I'm doing the math and I'm thinking,
well, the I can print five at a time at
four hours per
I'm thinking, this is going to take me
months to get this. So I
I ended up buying two more A1s. So you
have five now? I have I have three. Uh
one that she pretty Yeah, one that she
pretty much
>> Yeah, I commandeered all three.
Uh and I was doing 24/7 pretty much. And
I tried out I tried out the ludicrous
mode.
It works.
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Does it Okay. Yeah,
that's like a fast mode, Ryan.
Yeah, it was getting them doing them
about two and a half hours, but I just I
had I built up a stock
of I think I have about 150 of them in
stock. And when I go to these postcard
shows,
um
I go up to a dealer. Like the dealers
use in those boxes, they'll use pool
noodles, they'll use sponges. I was I
was just at a show and some lady was
using a crunched up newspaper.
So I have a backpack full and I was
like, "Hey, can I give you something?"
Wow.
>> And and I I just put it right in the box
and show them what it does and they're
like,
>> and then they have
They might have a thousand boxes at home
or a hundred boxes at home and then now
they're going to make a big order,
right? Here's my card. Yeah. What's the
most anybody's ever ordered from you at
once? Like on one order for one one
dealer? Like what 200.
200. Wow. And what And what are you
getting on that order?
Uh you know, after fees I So two bucks
each.
Two bucks each.
>> And how much How much filament are you
burning per It ain't much filament. No.
Each one's like
>> in filament or something or maybe that?
>> For 30? Cuz I I bought a lot of filament
on sale at Bambu's sale. So maybe 30.
It's like a hundred
Five of them is like 130 g or something
like that. So I can get six or seven
printings. 35? About 35 per per
>> Yeah. uh reel or whatever? Yeah.
Wow. Wow. Yeah, I've sold
>> [laughter]
>> I think I've sold about 1,100 of them
right now.
>> Man, I feel like such a loser talking to
you, man. Like everything you touch is
like No. No. big numbers.
>> [laughter]
>> No, not not really. It's really I just
Really? Not really. That's pretty pretty
impressive, John.
>> Very impressive.
>> something. Yeah, well, thank you. Yeah,
I wish I could
Yeah.
>> You're kind of a big deal. I I do have
I've heard that somewhere. I know you
Yeah.
>> [laughter]
>> And the reason that came about is
uh I'd go to these postcard shows
and I already had a YouTube channel and
people just I love you know, people just
come up cuz they're all right there. I
sell postcards. And people who buy
postcards are at the postcard shows.
People who buy postcards watch postcard
content. So I go to a show and it's
like, "Oh, I love your Yeah, I'm just
getting recognized everywhere." And I
come home and my wife's like, "So how
many people recognized you today?" And I
was like, "Yeah, about a dozen."
And All of them?
Yeah.
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah, they're all you know, um
and I just say, you know, I'm you know,
I'm kind of a big deal. Just jokingly.
And then she got me that for Christmas,
but uh I'm really big on my YouTube
my YouTube um
gra demographics or whatever, I am huge
with
males older than 55. That is my
demographic. Wow, of course.
>> [laughter]
>> Right. People like you. Yeah. Yeah,
exactly.
Yeah, I guess I am over 55. I I imagine
So I'm I'm I'm sure your your YouTube
channel is monetized. Yeah. And but I
imagine the value of your YouTube
channel
has nothing to do with the AdSense
you've made and it's more to do with the
connections you've made over the years,
right? That and I do have a membership
side of things.
>> Oh, you do? Yeah. I charge $4.99, which
is relatively inexpensive.
And
um I have a 24-part guide. Mm.
>> Everything you'd want to know about
postcards. Not everything, but a lot.
It's pretty much still my business model
for five bucks a month.
And I I average about I think I'm right
now I'm at like 96 or 97 uh members.
That's a lot for your size channel. Like
how many subscribers do you have to your
channel? I just went over 3,000.
And Wow, that is impressive.
>> That is a lot. And um but I also tell
them I say, "Cancel anytime. Uh please
binge my stuff.
Right.
>> Cancel.
Come back in two or three months when I
have new content. So I don't really do
what sold videos for everybody. Um I cuz
I consider my what sold videos bolo's.
And so I'll go I don't go I can't go
over every, you know,
150 cards that sold through through the
week. So I'll pick out like cards that
are $20 over.
And I'll have it on the screen. I was
like, "Okay, this is this is what it is.
This is why I bought it. This is I think
it was maybe a quarter." If I remember,
I'll tell them, you know, where I got
it. Uh where I bought it if I got it at
a postcard show, if it came in an
auction lot.
Uh or I cherry-picked it at an antique
mall. I've got a lot of my cherry-picked
cards at antique malls.
And I was like, "Okay, this is why I
bought it.
Uh this is the research behind it. You
know, I listed it at you know, whatever,
25 bucks or like that one that sold for
610. You know, I went through
you know, the reason I went at auction,
the comp I did comp that card when it
started getting bids. And the highest
comp of that a close card was only ever
you know, 170 some dollars over the last
15 years. I used WorthPoint. It's prices
aren't always the best, but at least
they tell you that something had There's
a market for it. You get an idea.
>> before.
And I used to carry a bolo list. I had a
two-page, you know, towns that I kept an
eye out for, topics I kept an out an eye
out for.
And I gave it to my members.
And but that was it's probably a
10-year-old form now. I don't carry it
with me anymore cuz it's now kind of up
here. But I'll I'll go through that list
and I'll like, "Are my bolo's still
bolo's?"
Or and I'll pick a topic, you know,
Route 66. Is Route 66? And I'll go
through talking about Route 66, you
know, cards that recently sold. Maybe
maybe the best Route 66 postcards are
the ones that show gas stations or
something. And I just talk about it.
Hong Kong, you know, Hong Kong used to
be a great seller. It's really
as they say the market has softened. So
you have a
you have a lot of you have like so much
so much knowledge and so much
information you share, but
it only works
for someone that really wants it because
the like the amount of knowledge you
have
Yeah. it's like a freaking fire hose.
And like somebody like has to really
want want it to put in the work to get
it from you. Yeah. Yeah,
that that that
Cuz basically you have
I I
like you can teach them like a lot of
stuff. Yeah. But a lot of it a lot of
the knowledge you have is just
experience, too, right?
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah, it is. And I just I just
sometimes I just know. See, I I've
always had this even when I was
before I sold postcards. I was into
classware and pottery.
Um I sold clothes and I hate
selling that stuff. Taking all the
pictures. And now I can just I can throw
a stack of 40 postcards in my scanner
and perfect photos front and back in a
minute.
Um when you're selling
>> of those auto things?
>> Yeah, it's a top loading. Yeah, I
recommend the Epson either the ES-400 or
there's a 510. I think
Do you watch Rev Resell at all? Uh once
in a while. Yeah.
>> Cuz he had a he showed a scanner
recently. He was doing it with ball
cards and I wonder if it might not be
the same one. There's a difference cuz
these ones uh the rollers can mess up a
ball card. I mean, if you're doing like,
you know, cheap postcard or cheap ball
cards, no no no issue, but the rollers
will put a very faint line down a card.
So it'll get it get nailed in um in
grading. Now he did run
I don't I only watched him do it once
and but
it seemed like he had them in penny
sleeves. Would that eliminate the issue?
The scanner I have, the penny sleeves
would kind of get crinkled.
There are
there are carrier sheets you can use. I
use them if there's like a card that has
glitter or mica as it was called.
It would scratch the hell out of your
lens. Your your photo lenses on there.
So those type of cards I put in a
carrier sheet. Are there already know
the answer to this but I'll ask it
anyways cuz I don't I don't really know.
Uh
So who's is anybody grading postcards?
Is that a thing?
I've seen sports. You know, sports is is
where if you get a real photo with you
know Babe Ruth it's a team photo with
Babe Ruth
or one of those big names. Yeah, you
want you want that graded. You want it
graded for authenticity.
And if you don't know maybe there's
signatures on it or something like that.
Yeah, you get those graded. In fact I
think I just saw Who does that?
You can get I think it's PSA you can do
that through. Oh really? Yeah, okay. And
I think I've seen one for
It might have been like the Red Baron.
Baron Von Richthofen or whatever I think
that was his name. It was a postcard of
him.
It might have been signed and someone
wanted it sent in to
you know to authenticate the signature.
But
>> Uh
Mhm. You're you're not going to send a
regular postcard in.
>> yeah. Yeah, but yeah it's big in the
sports world. Yeah.
Okay. Okay. Huh.
Have you ever bought Have you ever
bought and sold graded cards before?
Postcards?
No, never had any. And as I I collect
hockey cards. I love you know I love
hockey. So I think I have somewhere over
here I might have a a Sidney Crosby
graded rookie card. But it's in it's
it's graded and I'm like no I want to I
want to touch the card. I want to
and you're holding a piece of plastic
and to me it's just
it doesn't make sense. I mean I
understand it for value. Yes, I
understand it that. But for like comic
books the thing about
comic books were made to be read. Yeah,
you're never going to be able to open
it. Yeah, so again I understand it. I
understand for money money purposes yes.
But and I think that's another you know
reason that you know postcards are
number three collectible in the world
cuz you can actually touch it. Yep. And
you know and every again there's
billions of these. There's no one
definitive guide
to postcard. You can pick up a Beckett.
And you can every every ball card that
has ever been produced
you know the number of it. You know who
it is. Very I don't even know there's
probably no ball card that in that no
one knows existed. You know, maybe.
>> Are there are there price guides for
postcards or they don't even try do
they? There there are and I have some.
Um
uh
I'm trying to think I was actually
looking for it before the show. Mary if
you people they can find it in my
YouTube links in downloadable you know
in my description there's a link to it's
like a postcard collector's guide. It
was put out just a couple years ago by
Mary L Martin.
She is probably undisputed world leader
in the postcard world.
She runs online auction. She pretty much
runs most of the not most of the show
but a lot of the big shows. She's
written books. She has
millions and millions of postcards in
her shop. I've got to know her over the
over the years. I've I interviewed her
for my channel. I just fascinating. Just
someone who's that into postcards. I
almost bought
She has a warehouse full of
I think it's 7 million postcards.
I almost bought it.
Why wouldn't you? So you don't even want
half that stuff. Well
the the these cards were newer. They're
continental chromes mostly a continental
chrome
like it's 4 by 6 size. A standard size
postcard is 3 and 1/2 by 5 and 1/2
usually right on. A continental chrome
is 4 by 6. So Okay. And these are mostly
from
like the 70s to 80s 90s modern modern
you can get probably go to a a uh
you know Disney right now and buy a
continental postcard. So they're lower
value stuff. Yeah, but I I had a I had a
way to market them.
And that was I was going to lean toward
those postcrossing people cuz they go to
postcard shows to buy to buy the blank
ones. So I was
I was going to do like a subscription
box you know like if you have dogs like
a bark box or a you know a beauty box or
something. Oh, Popeye box. Postcard of
the postcard club of the month type of
thing.
So every every month I pick out 50
cards. Maybe they're puppies. Maybe
they're flowers. Whatever.
And then also set up a website
that you could go to. I think I had it
as
postcard it was too long. It's like
maybe it was postcard
postcrossingpostcards.com.
And I never did anything with it. But
people could go and you know I want I
want this puppy for 50 cents. I want
this
flower for 50 cents and then just fill
your cart.
>> [snorts]
>> I have a I have a thousand of each. So
but I tell I
you need an employee for that.
>> Right. And you need the space. I can't I
mean I could probably fit 7 million
cards in the house but
>> [laughter]
>> Once your wife Once your wife moved out
you might have a little more room.
Yeah.
Yeah. You know she They love my family
loves they don't want anything to do
with the postcards but man they love
their trips to Disney. Yeah, right.
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah.
I want to go to an out of state school.
Okay, postcards are going to pay for
that. But so yeah, I didn't follow
through
with that. I I just I have all these It
goes back to the ADHD you know when you
guys interviewed ADHDave I was like
>> Yeah.
I wish he has it all harnessed. He has
it all harnessed to do everything he
does. And I'm like man I wish I could I
take meds and it can I can harness some
of it but
>> But you're doing a lot though. I mean
>> Yeah. Yeah. I could do so much more
though. Yeah, I know.
Yeah, but you're only one man. I mean
and Dave is the same way. You know he
has some he has a few things that he
really excels at and he and he probably
has a
a pile of ideas that nobody even knows
about that he never executed on that we
don't know about you know? Yeah. I'm I I
always I always
I always called myself an idea idea man
before I knew why I had all the ideas
just no follow through and Yeah, but
what about the $147,000
a year on whatnot? Has that grown since
then or is that like I'm not asking how
much you made. I don't
My numbers my numbers are I'm free with
my on my I'm free with all my numbers.
>> Okay, how's it going since then on
whatnot? Uh well
it's gotten lower. Um
I think that second year was like I was
down to maybe 80.
Okay.
>> And then but then I but I took like a
Then it then it went down to 60.
Cuz you know I was doing all this on
whatnot.
Uh you know so I don't know how to how
to 100% of my day 100% used to be eBay.
And then it went and then it went 80%
whatnot and 20% eBay. You backed off a
little. And I'm back. Now I'm probably
cuz I I'm down to like one show a month
now. Mhm.
>> Um but I'm
>> So it's my choice. It's my choice. Oh
yeah, by choice. Cuz if I'm doing five
>> have you could have kept on growing it.
Is what you
>> have. But you know running out of stock
and I I like to be known as the person
who sells bulk. I would sell them by the
box.
You know
or I called it the tub club. I would
sell
>> [laughter]
>> you know. Hey, there's a card stay that
fits the plastic boxes too.
Yeah, so
But yeah anyway That could be useful for
more than
that could be useful for a lot more than
postcards. Yeah, it could. But I haven't
I haven't followed through with it.
But I would sell them by the tub. I
would fill these up and
I would sell them by the tub. I started
transitioning to fill a flat rate box on
whatnot. So I have medium flat rate
boxes and I try to flip through all the
cards and I put
12 to 1500 postcards in a flat rate box.
And
you know those are fun days when I'm
taking 200 pounds of postcards to the
post office. So let's say let's say that
you wanted let's say tomorrow you wake
up and you're like you know what?
I'm going to go full time into this 3D
printing arm. I want to liquidate every
postcard that I own.
How long do you think it would take you
to do that on whatnot? Could you do it?
Yeah.
Um I was going to say in about five
minutes with a gallon of gasoline and a
match.
>> [laughter]
>> But on whatnot?
Uh
you know I've done six hour shows on
whatnot before.
And how much do you think that if you
had to estimate how much do you think
that would generate in revenue?
>> Yeah. Oh, that was a that was a $3,000
show.
in six hours.
>> I'm talking like if you were to
liquidate like everything you have.
Liquidate
>> had to guess obviously you know it
wouldn't be exact but
It's probably making your skin crawl
thinking about liquidating some of like
all of your like curated better stuff.
>> No.
Well yeah that that yeah. But I have
done on
to answer the question probably
60 to 100,000 maybe.
Yep. But I don't want to flood. I could
easily I mean I'm flood the market.
Um but the cherry picked stuff I have
grabbed boxes from the cherry picked
and I'm like I sell those. Sometimes I
say like I had a whole box of real these
real photo postcards. I was like okay,
I'm doing three at a time.
And some of those cards some of those
three card lots will be like 40 bucks.
So that's usually like the lowest I will
go is like a three cards or something.
But they have to be special cards. Did
those do well? Like did do you run those
a lot and they don't get bids or do they
usually get bids?
>> I don't think I have I think
I have done 309 shows.
I have sold
I think it's 11 over 11,000 lots
on Whatnot.
And
my average lot price is like 27 to 28
bucks per lot.
And
327,000
in Yeah, okay. I got I got there. Yeah.
Yeah.
Um
>> Wow.
And
I don't know where I was going with
that. But anyway, I've done this Oh, I
do like stacks and maybe a quarter I
I've sold like quarter of a pound, you
what about eBay live? Has eBay contacted
you or invited you or
>> No. Are they doing that? Like postcard?
Not yet. I imagine they they'll end up
doing it.
I mean cuz we know Whatnot was started
off with Funko Pops, sports cards, and I
can't remember what the other one was,
maybe comics. And then they had a they
didn't have a postcard category. They
had a
other, like a maybe an estate sale type
of category and I think it was because
of me and maybe another one or two
dealers that came along that they they
came they made an ephemera category.
Okay. Yeah. Um so, but yeah, Whatnot
Whatnot's been great. It's just again,
it's just I'm on for two, three hours.
That's a lot that's a lot of when when
you're
>> isn't it? It is. When you're when you're
just talking to yourself, I mean it's
it's it's awesome if someone in the chat
is if you get an active chat. And I have
some my mods are the people I'm in this
little group with and we just talk
postcards.
So every once in a while they'll you
know, they'll bring up something or
someone will bring up a question or
something like that. So
>> It's not just selling with Whatnot. It's
it's a performance as well. It really
is.
>> Yeah. And I hate packing. And really
that's when when I sold glass when I
sold glassware and pottery, I hated the
packing.
Postcard truthfully, postcards when I
sell a pound it is relatively easy.
So that two-hour and 20-minute show I
had 60 I sold 60 Well, they said I said
sold 60. I had 10 giveaways. So I
actually sold 50 lots, 50 pounds. Some
are just single one-pounders and I have
to put the you know, put them in a box.
Put them in a bubble sleeve, a box, and
then I'll put them in like a an
envelope. But some of those ones that
you know, if they bought I think one guy
bought 12 lots and they they were like
400 bucks or something like that. Bubble
sleeve and then like a a large flat
rate. So it took me I don't know, an
hour and a half maybe to pack all that.
But it's just the packing. Postcards,
you know, it's just
>> [snorts]
>> you know, postcards you grab them and
you slip them in
and boom, I'm done.
Right. So it's just so much easier.
>> John John, that's a lot of money though
to for [laughter] the I mean
this is like the biggest one of the
bigger first world problems I've heard
of.
>> I I know. I sold [laughter] so much.
Thousands of dollars yesterday. I got to
pack it. Oh no. I
I [laughter] could I should put that on
a YouTube on a YouTube thumb thumbnail.
I sold too much. And people would
I want to I want to I want to click on
it and then they see me and I'm just
sitting here cuz I don't have to go
anywhere. This is my eBay stock. This is
my active
and so I'm just sitting here. How big is
that room extend to your
to the side there? I don't Um I I don't
I can't really tell the scale.
I don't know. It's Let me see.
I don't know which way we're going.
So there's another shelving line of
shelving units
behind this one.
I don't know if we can
almost maybe down through there you can
kind of see some. So another 12 feet
over that way. And how many cards are we
looking at on those on those aisles
there?
Oh.
400,000.
Okay. Wow. Because I got I got two two
units back here.
Then here another one, another one, and
another one. I think that was like six.
Is that right?
And then yeah, another another five. And
each each unit can hold
Well, this is this is about 70 somewhat
thousand cards right here with all my
multiple quantities and stuff like that.
So
>> Man, you're making me want to sell
postcards.
>> Yeah.
>> [laughter]
>> Cuz
one of my dreams would be
>> right here.
I'll buy them for a nickel each. No, I
don't want to sell them to you. I want
to sell them to people for like
$600, you know,
>> [laughter]
>> $15. Yeah, but see this is where I'm get
you know, when I said the disclaimer in
the front, people give me my numbers and
then they're like I can do it. It took
me
I started transitioning to postcards
in like the fall of '98. I didn't go
like full-blown into them cuz I found a
stack in a box and I'm like holy crap,
these all sold. Back when there no
pictures type of thing.
No, I had to take this how I had to do
it. Yeah, do you use a like a server or
something, right? Somebody else's?
>> Yeah. Yeah, I had to take a take a
picture, go get that film developed,
come back to my brother who had a
flatbed scanner which was like wow, a
flatbed scanner. He would scan them onto
a 3x5 floppy disk. And then I would
upload
And then I got a digital camera.
They were expensive back in the
'90s.
>> It was minimum $500 to get into one and
that was only going to be a like a lower
end model, too.
>> Yeah, it had like crazy. Like like five
megabits is what it held or something.
>> [laughter]
>> Megabyte megabytes. Um
And but that's the way Yeah, that's the
way I did it and I just then I started
going to uh
antique malls and picking there and I
just slowly got into it and
I still sell the you know, occasional
Like if I go to Disney, I'll go to one
of their tiki bars and I'll buy their
drinks in the souvenir mugs. Oh yeah.
And you come back, you sell the souvenir
mug and that
for all your food and drinks. So I still
do that. I did that one time, John. I
did
it's some kind of like it looked like a
like a barrel or something. Okay. Cup
for like the bears or something. Okay.
The Country Bear Jamboree. Yeah.
And I bought like on our way out I
bought like uh I don't know, two dozen
of them and I'm walk they give me this
big clear bag and I'm walking out of the
park with the bag over my shoulder full
and I sold every one of them. So yeah,
I've done that. Yeah. And postcard you
can buy postcards at Disney and pretty
much do the do the same thing. So but
yeah, I I could go in
to It's not that I I I choose not to
sell all that stuff. You know, I I could
go I could go into Goodwill and I could
I'm I'm not I know I could go in with 20
and come out with $100 worth of stuff.
I'm I'm I do I'm good at it. I am. But
I'm better at postcards and I like the
benefits, you know, they don't break.
My my return I don't have a return rate.
There's no returns. And then the ROI is
incredible. Like I buy a for a
Yeah, I buy it for a quarter. Like that
I'll just use a quarter in that $610
card. That's like 280 some thousand
percent ROI. My average sell-through or
my average uh
price I get is like 13 bucks a card,
something like that.
>> No, that's pretty good. I want to go
back to I want to go back to what you
said earlier though because you said
earlier you can you have 40 something
thousand listings on eBay
and you have days where you might ship
two cards.
>> Yeah, it happens.
>> what you said? Yeah. Oh yeah. My
What is average day like? Um
it's probably
15 15 cards, 20 cards, something like
that.
You know, Saturday I did 294. I don't
know how many exact cards that was.
Sunday I did 110 and today I'm only at
45 bucks. Let me see what that 45 bucks
is.
Six cards so far. That's not good. But
not bad. I did you know, it only cost me
there's six cards only cost me less than
a buck.
So Right. But you have those days. You
know, eBay has been like
you said it in one of your recent videos
is you know, it's a roller coaster and
it is.
>> be a it can literally we can literally
sell like $150 one day and $1,200 the
next followed by another $200 day
followed by $800. You know, we never
know. Yeah. My my best [clears throat]
my best day over the last 30 was 1,034.
That's when the 610 card sold. And my
worst day I can't even click on it. It's
so small in the graph.
>> [laughter]
>> 1643
and it was probably you know, a couple
but my airplane cards that I have a
million of I usually get three bucks for
those. So that could have been five or
you know, five airplane cards. So. I
love I love how you said like oh, I have
a million of those, which is just like a
common expression that people say, but
actually [laughter]
you actually have a million. Yeah.
Yeah, I I probably have Yeah, I'm still
probably around 1.4
1.3 1.4 million in the house and I'm I'm
scheduled like I said to pick up 51, I
just bought the 40 some thousand a
couple weeks ago. I'm scheduled to pick
up another 51 and then I'm going to go
to the Allentown paper show
and I hope to buy probably another 20 to
30,000 there.
Amazing.
>> Well,
John, we've been going for almost an
about an hour and 40 minutes now and we
have got to cut this off somewhere.
Yeah. Which I hate I hate to do, but
>> want to ask him one more question.
>> Yeah,
okay, yeah, yeah. And if you want to
hear my Dead Milkman story, I can tell
you that.
>> Yeah, I want to hear that. I want to
hear Ryan's question and [laughter] then
if there also I wanted to give you a
chance to if there's anything else you
want to promote or talk about I want to
give you a shot here too, but we do need
to wrap and also before before we get
into all those things, all those items
you guys have,
I definitely definitely definitely want
to have you back on for a round two.
Okay. For sure. Yeah, if you want to
give me
whatever. mind blowing for me. This has
been awesome, dude. I appreciate it.
Okay. I appreciate it. You guys are like
I was going to say at the beginning you
had you know, you have Don, you have
ADHD Dave, you had
John and you have Commonwealth and and
Pete, jeez, Pete. Um.
>> Yep. And then there's me. I'm like I'm
I'm John, I sell postcards, you know,
it's just No, there's a little more to
it than that, buddy. I mean, this is
like [laughter] this is one of the more
mind blowing episodes I've experienced
so far.
>> Absolutely. I'm blown away. I still have
a little bit of a imposter syndrome.
Yeah, I it's just it's just an issue
with me, but No. Yeah, but anyway Ryan,
first of all, Ryan, first of all, your I
wanted to ask you cuz you mentioned
something earlier about
how
like for example, Hong Kong used to be
like really hot and it kind of like died
off.
What right now if you had to pick one
thing is hot in the postcard world
that's selling like crazy? Yeah,
um it's they're selling, but maybe not
crazy money, but I think they're coming
into their own is these continental
cards. Because
you know, postcards have been around
since you know, the 1890s
is when postcards were like really
officially
Um I had all that written out if you
ever want to get into like you know,
postcard errors and stuff like that, but
but their stuff back then, you know,
it's the old timey stuff that no one
knows about. You know, back 30 40 years
ago there's this series of postcards
called the Sun Bonnet Girls and it's
these you know, these girls days of the
week and they had sun bonnets like
Sundays going to church day, Mondays
wash day.
Those used to be big.
Can't give them away now. Some of the
old time artists that used to be There's
one There's an artist called Harrison
Fisher. His cards used to be 100 bucks
plus.
His cards are 10 nine nine 10 bucks now.
So, what I'm seeing and no one remembers
that. You know, I'm 58, the oldest
person in the room and even the old time
the you know, 70 year olds
they go back they were born what 50s.
Yeah.
>> So, they probably don't really care too
much unless it's this is in their
collect their niche that they want to
their topic niche. They may not care
about 1900 Paris. Right.
>> the young ones today um what they're
nostalgic for. Yeah, like this one, this
is As Told by Ginger.
It's a It was a Nickelodeon show. Mhm,
okay.
>> I don't I don't in the 2000s
something.
Um
I don't I don't know how many seasons or
so, but I I got these in a big lot.
They're
and rack cards advertising rack cards
um from the early
2000s maybe late 90s. So, maybe you grew
up with As Told by Ginger
and what I've come to find out cuz I'm
selling a decent amount of them. I'm
only getting maybe five bucks for them.
But I'm selling a decent amount of them
and what I found out was they took this
off of streaming. You can't find
>> Oh.
>> As Told by Ginger. So, was that the you
know, the millennials Gen Zs or whoever,
they want to know and they they only put
maybe one season on on CD or on you
know, disc or VHS or whatever.
>> elevate the nostalgia because of the
fact
>> Yeah, people I think postcards in
general people are buying history,
buying something that they resonate
with. So, maybe As Told by Ginger it
might be I had a couple other ones. You
know, this is this is an American
Express but they put a little disc on
it. No, wow. Um and
CD-ROM or whatever. CD-ROM and I had
another one. I don't know what I did
with it, but it was uh
advertise like here, it's just like
advertising Reese's Peanut
um maybe that one would sell maybe
that's a that's a magnet stuck to a to a
postcard. Oh, that's an idea for merch.
That's a merch idea. You could send out
postcards. Yeah, with magnets on them.
Yeah, a little 3D print with a magnet,
but you know, maybe with the There was a
what the Reese's Peanut Butter not using
real peanut butter or real chocolate
anymore. So, maybe that would that would
sell. So, I think it's
those 1950s cards and I had one here.
Uh where is it? It's like the a guy at a
gas station. Now, I don't know what I
did with it. Um
but it's like the big cars with the
bright chrome. Mhm. You know, the 1950s
cards or cars. Yeah, I don't know what I
did with it now, but um
I mean
I did pull this one out. Like I said,
everything that's been around thought
about it's a it's a turkey
>> Oh, wow. with a cigarette
and wearing sunglasses.
>> [laughter]
>> So, it's just weird stuff. I mean, I
don't care what you know, the pig can
love who it wants to love, Yeah. I'm not
judging you, pig. May, it's a happy pig,
but you know, people put anything and
everything on postcards. So, those are
both continental newer cards from the
80s 90s. So, maybe the old ones that
like if you if you're going after the
really big hit, the really big score is
probably going to be an old one, but if
you want to move volume, you might have
to go a little newer sometimes.
>> Yeah. Yeah, but I think that's that just
really people are buying back something
they thought about, you know. So, I
think that's what's coming
coming in. The the continental ones and
I have
who I have 25 boxes I haven't sorted
through yet out in the garage that were
part of that big Excuse me, that big
deal.
Um
So, I have to go through those and I've
sold those type of cards for over $100
before. Oh, wow. Yeah, so So, Yeah. I
want to hear your Dead Milkman story.
>> [laughter]
>> So, this is
>> is the first Dead Milkman song? I
remember when I was in high school um I
I think I was a sophomore in high school
and a buddy had a jam box.
We're going it was right just before
class and they played Bitchin' Camaro
and that's the first time I ever heard
Bitchin' Camaro and I was like
>> [laughter]
>> I was like I like Punk Rock Girl. Yeah,
that's a good one, too. And I like
there's one called Watching Scotty Die.
Mhm. I love that. And then there's one I
I can't It's Taking
uh the I know, the special needs to the
zoo. To the zoo.
Um so, I love the Dead Milkman. I I got
onto him when I was in the Navy. There
was a guy who had a cassette and I was
like oh my god, these and I like the
Dead Kennedys. Um
uh there's one There were one called the
Circle Jerks or something like it. But
anyway, I like that kind of weird music.
>> Right. And uh so, I got out of the Navy
in college and the Dead Milkman were
playing in Pittsburgh and I went to a
small a a school near Pittsburgh.
And
uh one of the fraternity brothers There
was a couple of us went down. Fraternity
brother's name was Bitchin'. That was
his nick That was his nick nickname,
Bitchin'. Timmy Bitchin'.
And he's like man, the Dead Milkman are
playing at I don't know like the
>> [laughter]
>> the door, and there's a big ass bouncer
standing there.
>> [laughter]
>> And he goes, "Bitchin!"
He knew him. He knew him. They were like
They were uh high school buddies. They
were like lifelong friends. No way. And
they're like He's like, "Come on in."
So, I got to this, you know, not only
meet Dead Milkmen, hang out and talk to
him, get some stuff signed from uh by
him. Do you still have the stuff?
Uh
I think I have a t-shirt. I It was the
one they did the take on the the Led
Zeppelin Zozo or something like that.
They had a Yeah, so I think I have a
sign somewhere in my memory box.
I have a Dead Milkmen's uh signed uh
shirt.
>> It's It's crazy that your your buddy's
name was Bitchin. Bitchin. And And
that's like one of their That's one of
their big songs is Bitchin Camaro. Yeah.
Yeah. So, it was great. [snorts] We We
snuck in for free. He's like And the guy
bouncer was like, "Just don't leave.
Don't leave the facility cuz we You
can't get back in cuz you don't have a
ticket. So, we just
>> Right. We just hung up uh hung out on
the balcony. And it was just I don't
know how many
>> What a crazy coincidence, huh? But yeah,
it was like You couldn't have planned it
any better. And it all started by
hanging out with the hot chicks though,
Yeah. Yeah.
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah. But it was just You couldn't have
planned to be open to the Bitchin and
>> Sounds like a plot of like a movie or
something.
>> [laughter]
>> It does. Yeah.
So.
>> That's really cool. That's really cool.
Man, that is so cool.
>> Yeah, as a matter of fact, we may even
use that as a short on the on this
channel. Or maybe we'll clip it out and
make a little stand-alone [laughter]
story.
That's okay with Yeah.
Yeah. But But But yeah, uh definitely
want to have you back, John, cuz I I
feel like there's a a hundred more
stories you could tell that would be
awesome.
>> Probably. Yeah, we didn't even talk
about be being a probation officer, the
Navy.
Yeah. But we really didn't even talk too
much about
postcards. I mean, we talked around
postcards and what they But yeah,
there's so much I I I have sample I have
uh
props per se, just to show you just some
of the really cool stuff that's that's
out there, but uh yeah. If If you can
hold it for Is there anything you want
to promote or anything, John? Other
You're on YouTube. What else You're on
Whatnot. What else are you doing? You
know, Whatnot, eBay. You know, I I
tried. I'm just not good at reels. Uh
so, I'm kind of on Instagram. I hate
Like I said, I don't like social media.
Mhm. And it's I feel cringey. I just I
put out a I put I I I drink when I go
out postcard to go find postcards. I do
this thing, postcard road-tripping and
postcard picking.
And I always drink Dunkin's cuz I love
Dunkin's.
Yeah. And I start People like the
cringey when I would start doing
road-tripping and postcard
picking. They love this cringey
[laughter]
stuff.
And I did, you know, once a little bit
in the in the beginning of a video is
fine. And I wanted like, "Hey, you know,
uh Dunkin', I'm still waiting for the
sponsorship." So, I I I had this bright
idea to put all those into one reel, one
video, and tag Dunkin'. And it's I am so
cringe. It just uh But uh anyway. Is Is
that why you made the I'm sorry video?
Because I went I went and looked at your
I was like I went looked at your I was
looking at your channel real quick right
before we went on. And I was like I was
like, "Ryan, there's an I'm sorry video.
I don't [laughter] know what it's
about."
Yeah. Yeah, it's because I put out that
cringe.
>> Oh, it's okay. It's bad.
>> embarrassed. You're just embarrassed.
>> getting I'm getting I'm getting
goosebumps just thinking about
>> It's all right, man. But I had the first
YouTube channel I'm sorry I know you're
going to need to go, and this is a
problem I have when I'm always
interviewed. They're like, "Okay, give
me the red light." And but that first
YouTube channel I had it for a year and
a half, and my wife didn't know
I was doing videos. And uh she didn't
know. And I think I had an inter-
Something was coming up, and I was like,
"Yeah, yeah, I'm
uh just want to let you know, I have a
YouTube channel. I've had it for a year
and a half. Uh I have like, you know, a
hundred and some videos.
So, cuz I'm embarrassed It's
embarrassing for me. But anyway, yeah,
the YouTube channel Popeye's Postcards.
That's That's me uh across all
platforms. And uh my profile is a is a
it's a bank.
Oh, that's your guy That's your profile
picture. Yeah.
Even though I was worried for a while
that Popeye was um
uh not in not in the public domain. And
that's when I disappeared. They like
they people thought that Popeye's King
Features came after me or the chicken
people came after me cuz Popeye's
Chicken. And Intellivision had him for a
while. Yeah. You know, or you know, or
Nintendo, right? Nintendo had a Popeye
>> been
Yeah.
>> it was Nintendo and then Art Tato or
something like that. One of the video
games.
>> Yeah, TAIT Yeah, something like that.
So. Yeah, YouTube. I used to
I was on TikTok for a little bit. I
called myself the Postcard Prophet as
in, you know, play on prophet and like
wise man prophet Right.
>> where I would where I would show the
postcard and I would read the message on
the back. Mhm.
>> And about, you know, how how times have
changed. And I got cringey with that,
and I stopped that. It was You know, I
bought a little background, a little
fountain pen, quilled feathers, and a
globe You know, I made it look kind of
pretty, a little gas lamp, and
uh I just It just wasn't me. It's just
reels and stuff like that. But I mean,
if you But if you want to like listen to
me talk about postcards, you [snorts]
know, YouTube every morning I try to do
a half hour, you know, 15 to half hour
show. Um and then I do have that
membership, $4.99 cancel all anytime you
want. You can I'll teach you more than
you want to know about postcards, and
you know what to look for if you go to
postcard shows or
you know, you're at a flea market or
even like your lot that you sold for
$39.99.
Uh one of those parts of my guide when I
get to
if you don't want to sell postcards and
you want to get rid of them, this is how
you do it. And I you know, go through
That would be my section for now. You
never know what could happen, but yeah,
that would be me cuz I still want to
flip stuff that if it has value, if I
can make a, you know, turn a profit on
it. Yeah, I mean, you get what, 24
pictures now? So, their first picture
will be your stack of postcards, maybe a
couple laid out, and then each photo you
can fit 25 postcards or so.
>> let me Let me show you what I like
doing. I I do I did this today. I'm
trying to get uh Verve numbers here.
That's why I'm I'm stalling you guys. I
don't want [laughter] to be
No. Oh, no, we're not doing Verve again.
No, look, uh I I have this thing that I
put on sometimes.
>> Yeah. And and I'll put
I'll put my phone on it. Oh, look at
that.
>> like if I have a lot of something, Yeah.
I'll just Yeah, that's handy. I'll just
flick through, and then boom, I've got
my photos and the video on here. Okay.
>> I just like airdrop it to the computer.
I drag the whole thing into the listing,
and boom.
Please look at photos and video, and
then they can watch the video and get a
quick just rundown, you know?
That works pretty well. I do something
like that for my Whatnot shows. Um like
I said, you can watch the what the live
section of my channel. You don't see my
face. You just see my pretty hands.
You know, sexy hands. So, you never show
your face on Whatnot? No. All just my
hands. So, now I got I'm Yeah, I got to
keep my nails kind of trimmed and the
dirt from under them. I feel like I
would I feel like I would be more likely
to try Whatnot like that cuz honestly,
like that's one of the reasons I haven't
is because I would
I'm almost scared of like not of being
on camera, obviously. I don't care about
that. I'm scared of what if I fail?
What if I fail? And I don't care about
that myself.
I just don't want to fail publicly. Oh.
Do you understand what I'm saying? But
if I could do a Whatnot like kind of
anonymously and just just to try it out,
I might I might be more comfortable with
that. You could do the You had that one
video when you were like
you had your voice altered, and you were
putting stuff on a plane and flying I
don't know, it was like a drug
You could do a voice modulation. Oh,
that's a deep cut. That's a deep cut.
Well, I had
>> [laughter]
>> I had You know, my embarrassing stuff. I
was like, "Well, we all have at least
one, right?" I'm actually proud You know
what? Though, I'm I'm actually proud of
that one. That was a good It is It is It
is cringe. I didn't execute it well. I
didn't cuz I didn't do it with good
footage.
>> mailed to me.
>> [laughter]
>> That was the title of the video. I
remember cuz I wrote it. And yeah. Yeah,
Ryan wrote the title for that one.
>> [laughter]
>> And then and then I put it in the VCR,
right? And you know,
I'm going to I'm going to do that
John, I'm going to do that again. And
honestly, I think I think the idea was
good. I think the execution was poor,
and I don't I think the audience hated
it. Yep.
>> And uh but I'm going to try that again
cuz that's the kind of stuff I I'm a
quirky dude. I'm a weirdo. Mhm. And
I do mainstream stuff, and I do what
people want, but sometimes I want to get
creative and do some stupid stuff, too,
man. We were so excited about that video
before it dropped. We were like we were
so
>> going to drop it, Ryan. I'm going to
drop it." [laughter] We had so much fun
with it.
Uh And then everybody's like, "Thumbs
down. Thumbs down."
>> [laughter]
>> I Ryan, this is the worst video I've
ever put up on my channel, man.
This is supposed to be awesome. What
happened?
>> [laughter]
>> I
Yeah, I think that's all of mine. I I
hate editing cuz I just run it, and
whatever comes out of my mouth. I Like
if I sometimes I I pause the video when
I shouldn't or I unpause it when I
shouldn't. So, I will go back and Yeah,
it might be 5 minutes of me just going,
you know, whatever. And I I go back and
cut that out, but I know we're hitting 2
hours
>> part two of that video this time, but
I'm going to do it right this time, and
it's going to work, damn it. Do it with
When you guys see it, When you guys see
it, just remember Popeye gave him the
idea.
>> [laughter]
>> Blame me? No.
No, no, no. I don't care I don't care if
it's
commercially viable or not. I just want
to do it again for myself. Yeah, it's
fun. I mean I I can see that.
>> you like making. That's all that
matters.
>> Yeah, because I've done so many of the
same vlog day after day. You understand
how that is. You do you do the same
thing. It's fun to do something
different and creative sometimes.
>> Yep. Yeah. 100%. At least people watch
your stuff, but no one watches mine. I
always wonder
I got to keep talking. I should shut up.
I always wonder what would have happened
if I would have nuked that first
channel. If I would have gone to like
those eBay lives in Vegas. If I would
have gone to like the reseller family.
>> those kind of things, too. I have those
kind of things myself. Yeah. You know,
that I think about that I have regrets
about or I wonder what if what if what
if. But John, I mean look how successful
you've been. Yeah. Look what you have
accomplished. You have a product that
you had to build a 3D print farm for.
Mhm. I mean it's amazing. It's amazing.
Like for me to hear you beat yourself up
over something like that.
Given what you have done and what you
have executed on. It's it's just really
something.
Well, thank you. Yeah. Well, thank you.
Yeah. Again, imposter syndrome, but
yeah, working through that.
>> That's good. You keep yourself honest
that way, right?
>> Yeah. Yeah, I do. I'm one of the pri- I
had to be honest for with my job, but
that's a story for another day.
Okay, well. Well, we'll be looking
forward to it and uh
I will um I want to say I'll I'll link
your You want me just to link your
YouTube channel? I'll link whatever you
want down below in the description. Cuz
I don't think anybody who's going to be
buying these cards days that are
resellers.
>> to if they want to, then they can come
see you and check out more They'll find
out more from your YouTube channel.
Yeah, absolutely. I'd also I know you
were getting ready to go, but I also
came up with these sort tabs that fit on
top. Oh.
I know.
And I have different box sizes, too, but
these
>> oh. This is ADHD Dave in
>> Yeah. This is These are called sort tabs
and I have 20 different colors
that maybe you want to all your ships in
your postcard box or you want to be
under purple. Wow.
>> I don't have them listed on Etsy because
I just haven't done it cuz
I just haven't. But there's only 24
hours. I know. I need 28.
>> [laughter]
>> Then then that won't be enough. You know
that.
>> Yeah, it won't be. But John, thank you
so much for coming on.
This has been a mind I knew it was going
to be good, but I didn't think it was
going to be this mind-blowing. So I
really appreciate your time. Postcards.
Yeah, I I understand that. Postcards. Uh
But yeah, I understand. But thank you.
I'm going to I'll stop talking cuz yeah.
No, but thank you for coming on. We
really do appreciate it. This was This
was a fun conversation and
yeah, guys, go sub to
Popeye's Postcards. Link below.
>> [laughter]
>> Uh Popeye the Sailor Man of living What
is the song, John? I sometimes There's
There's different versions, too. I'm
stronger to finish cuz I eat my spinach.
I'm Popeye the Sailor Man. I used to be
able to do his voice in college. That's
how I tried to pick up girls in the bar.
I could do Popeye's voice. I can't do it
anymore. Can you do the laugh?
It It was more
Isn't that his laugh? Yeah, I can't I
can't It was a [__] in the air.
Something like that. No, [laughter]
that's good. That's good. It used to be
better.
Uh that one was the fairest of them all.
Okay. Thank you, John. Thank you.
>> Thanks, guys. Thanks for watching. Thank
you, John. We'll see you.